Documentation updates for variables/tools and a few other things (#108)
Percona-Lab/postgres: contrib/pg_tde/documentation/docs/variables.md

# GUC Variables

The `pg_tde` extension provides GUC variables to configure the behaviour of the extension:

## pg_tde.wal_encrypt

A `boolean` variable controlling if WAL writes are encrypted or not.

Changing this variable requires a server restart, and can only be set at the server level.

WAL encryption is controlled globally, if enabled all WAL writes are encrypted.

This variable only controls new writes to the WAL, it doens't affect existing WAL records.
`pg_tde` is always capable of reading existing encrypted WAL records, as long as the keys used for the encryption are still available.

Enabling WAL encryption requires a configured global principal key.

The default value is false.

## pg_tde.enforce_encryption

A `boolean` variable controlling if creation of new not encrypted tables is enabled or not.

> This can be set at global, database, user or session level, but changing the value requires superuser permissions.

Reviewer: What does the user level mean?

Author: Postgres allow GUC variables on multiple levels:
* Global
* Per database (set for specific databases)
* Per user (set for specific users)
* Per session (set for the current session)

# GUC Variables

The `pg_tde` extension provides GUC variables to configure the behaviour of the extension:

## pg_tde.wal_encrypt

**Type** - boolean <br>
**Default** - off

> A `boolean` variable controlling if WAL writes are encrypted or not.

Reviewer 2: "A boolean variable that controls whether WAL writes are encrypted or not."

Changing this variable requires a server restart, and can only be set at the server level.

WAL encryption is controlled globally. If enabled, all WAL writes are encrypted in the entire PostgreSQL cluster.

This variable only controls new writes to the WAL, it doesn't affect existing WAL records.

`pg_tde` is always capable of reading existing encrypted WAL records, as long as the keys used for the encryption are still available.

> Enabling WAL encryption requires a configured global principal key. Refer to the [WAL encryption configuration](wal-encription.md) documentation for more information.

Reviewer 2: "wal-encription.md" → "wal-encryption.md"

## pg_tde.enforce_encryption

**Type** - boolean <br>
**Default** - off

> A `boolean` variable controlling if the creation of new not encrypted tables is enabled or not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A `boolean` variable controlling if the creation of new, not encrypted tables is allowed.
```

Changing this variable requires a server restart, and can only be set at the server level.

WAL encryption is controlled globally, if enabled all WAL writes are encrypted.

This variable only controls new writes to the WAL, it doens't affect existing WAL records.
`pg_tde` is always capable of reading existing encrypted WAL records, as long as the keys used for the encryption are still available.
WAL encryption is controlled globally. If enabled, all WAL writes are encrypted in the entire PostgreSQL cluster.

This variable only controls new writes to the WAL, it doesn't affect existing WAL records.

`pg_tde` is always capable of reading existing encrypted WAL records, as long as the keys used for the encryption are still available.

Enabling WAL encryption requires a configured global principal key.

The default value is false.
Enabling WAL encryption requires a configured global principal key. Refer to the [WAL encryption configuration](wal-encription.md) documentation for more information.

## pg_tde.enforce_encryption

A `boolean` variable controlling if creation of new not encrypted tables is enabled or not.
**Type** - boolean <br>
**Default** - off

> This can be set at global, database, user or session level, but changing the value requires superuser permissions.

Author: We have the same sentence for the next variable too, and now they are different. These should be consistent.

Reviewer: Sure, I'll update it once I'm done with the one above

Reviewer: Updated

* global - for the entire PostgreSQL cluster

> * database - for the current database

Author: for specific databases

Reviewer: How to know what databases is it set for?

Author: We don't have to know, it's managed by postgres: https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-alterdatabase.html

It's the `ALTER DATABASE ... SET variable = value;` syntax.

Author: This is also why I didn't write a too detailed description about it. This is a common postgresql concept for most GUC variables, we shouldn't have to explain it to anybody familiar with postgres.
